we get settled in here we're gonna have
our gracious host another Fenster come
up his bang John's been laying back here
and you may see a side of him you don't
know it's been I'm told I'm told that
the band has been saying play this lady
yeah that's what's gonna happen
Miami University Library toxin five
double where I'll pick you know get
picked one time
that's all it ever gets fixed when you
can't take you to get a pink one down I
hadn't played this banging a good wall
and stuff in my hand gets the worst huh
hello song I made up a column into
singing a lot I made it up in the
Library of Congress well I've got enough
that sound the same but the title of the
song I'm just a little tack in the
Shanga love your route and when the
attack comes out the Shango comes off
and the Shanga comes off the whole
structure goes down without a trot so
and my church I used to tell them an
attack where the more most important
things about a building although it's
the smallest thing about a building and
a lot of times people want to be off
have a big office in the church but you
know the janitor is important same as
everybody else and that's the reason I
played this little song and then to
married a lot of couples with my
lifetime and they come here from Canada
and all around to get married there's
some girls here today so can you get
married here and I like to get married
in the garden and I made this little
song up I've ever separates you know
where they can call one of the backdrop
it one another with a song and that's
the hardest hardest job in the world to
do is to keep folks together after the
marriage you know it's no trouble much
to marry a couple but when they come
back to you in two three years a hard I
want you to help get my wife back to me
now that's a job and you got a guy
rejoin him a second time that's a job
that's more than just a ceremony aside
what I try to do you know get them back
together they got to separate and then
sometimes my wife ever left ma'am I
won't call her back with a song
that's what a cliche
yeah
come on my favorite hey Mumbai
let me see come on back stay with me a
little
just a little mayo on the flank of you
all I'm just a little mayor look like
little male in the blanket you all
favored nation
back
just a little rock and the pillar of the
house just a little rock and the pillar
oh yeah just a little rock in the faroe
down
mom back baby me
Oh